Installing a Helm chart hosted on Amazon ECR with Amazon EKS
Your Helm charts hosted in Amazon ECR can be installed on your Amazon EKS clusters. The following steps demonstrate this.

Prerequisites
Before you begin, ensure the following steps have been completed.

Install the latest version of the Helm client. These steps were written using Helm version 3.9.0. For more information, see Installing Helm.

You have at least version 1.23.9 or 2.6.3 of the AWS CLI installed on your computer. For more information, see Installing or updating the latest version of the AWS CLI.

You have pushed a Helm chart to your Amazon ECR repository. For more information, see Pushing a Helm chart.

You have configured kubectl to work with Amazon EKS. For more information, see Create a kubeconfig for Amazon EKS in the Amazon EKS User Guide. If the following commands succeeds for your cluster, you're properly configured.


kubectl get svc
Install an Amazon ECR hosted Helm chart to an Amazon EKS cluster
Authenticate your Helm client to the Amazon ECR registry that your Helm chart is hosted. Authentication tokens must be obtained for each registry used, and the tokens are valid for 12 hours. For more information, see Private registry authentication.


aws ecr get-login-password \
     --region us-west-2 | helm registry login \
     --username AWS \
     --password-stdin aws_account_id.dkr.ecr.region.amazonaws.com
Install the chart. Replace helm-test-chart with your repository and 0.1.0 with your Helm chart's tag.


helm install ecr-chart-demo oci://aws_account_id.dkr.ecr.region.amazonaws.com/helm-test-chart --version 0.1.0
The output should look similar to this:

NAME: ecr-chart-demo
LAST DEPLOYED: Tue May 31 17:38:56 2022
NAMESPACE: default
STATUS: deployed
REVISION: 1
TEST SUITE: None
Verify the chart installation.


helm list -n default
Example output:

NAME            NAMESPACE       REVISION        UPDATED                                 STATUS          CHART                   APP VERSION
ecr-chart-demo  default         1               2022-06-01 15:56:40.128669157 +0000 UTC deployed        helm-test-chart-0.1.0   1.16.0
(Optional) See the installed Helm chart ConfigMap.


kubectl describe configmap helm-test-chart-configmap
When you are finished, you can remove the chart release from your cluster.


helm uninstall ecr-chart-demo